# Arduino Uno R4 WiFi MQ Sensors Series

This is the accompanying repository for all source code and additional material for the article series "MQ Sensor Series usage with Arduino R4 Wi-Fi", published on medium.com.

Parts of the tutorial:
- **Overview**: Link to the article: https://medium.com/@androidcrypto/mq-sensors-series-usage-with-arduino-r4-wi-fi-overview-b0ea824edf64
- **MQ-2 Sensor**: get values for Hydrogen (H2), Liquid Petroleum Gas (LPG), Carbon Monoxide (CO), Alcohol and Propane (C 3H8). Product Overview: Ideal for **home and factory gas leakage monitoring** this module detects gases such as natural gas, hydrogen, butane, propane, methane, and smoke. Link to the article: will follow
- **MQ-3 Sensor**: get values for Liquid Petroleum Gas (LPG), Methane (CH4), Carbon Monoxide (CO), Alcohol, Benzene (C6H6) and Hexane (C6H14). Product Overview: Sensitive to alcohol, this module is resistant to interference from gasoline, smoke, and water vapor. It's suitable for breathalyzer applications and on-site ethanol vapor detection. Link to the article: https://medium.com/@androidcrypto/mq-3-sensor-alcohol-and-other-gases-usage-with-arduino-r4-wi-fi-8887e9631b07
- **MQ-4 Sensor**: get values for Liquid Petroleum Gas (LPG), Methane (CH4), Carbon Monoxide (CO), Alcohol and Smoke. Product Overview: Offering high sensitivity to methane gas and other combustible gases like propane and butane, this module is perfect for home and factory leakage monitoring. Link to the article: will follow
- **MQ-5 Sensor**: get values for Hydrogen (H2), Liquid Petroleum Gas (LPG), Methane (CH4), Carbon Monoxide (CO) and Alcohol. Product Overview: Featuring LM393 and ZYMQ-5 gas sensor, this module excels in detecting liquefied petroleum gas (LPG), natural gas, and coal gas, making it suitable for home and industrial applications. Link to the article: will follow
- **MQ-6 Sensor**: get values for Hydrogen (H2), Liquid Petroleum Gas (LPG), Methane (CH4), Carbon Monoxide (CO) and Alcohol. Product Overview: Featuring LM393 and ZYMQ-5 gas sensor, this module excels in detecting liquefied petroleum gas (LPG), natural gas, and coal gas, making it suitable for home and industrial applications. Link to the article: will follow
- **MQ-7 Sensor**: get values for Hydrogen (H2), Liquid Petroleum Gas (LPG), Methane (CH4), Carbon Monoxide (CO) and Alcohol. Product Overview: Designed for carbon monoxide detection, this module employs high-low temperature cycling and conductivity sensing. It's apt for home and factory gas leakage monitoring, capable of detecting carbon monoxide and other gases. Link to the article: will follow
- **MQ-8 Sensor**: get values for Hydrogen (H2), Liquid Petroleum Gas (LPG), Methane (CH4), Carbon Monoxide (CO) and Alcohol. Product Overview: Specializing in hydrogen gas sensing, this module is highly sensitive and suitable for monitoring hydrogen-containing gases in home and industrial settings. Link to the article: will follow
- **MQ-9 Sensor**: get values for Liquid Petroleum Gas (LPG), Methane (CH4) and Carbon Monoxide (CO). Product Overview: Equipped with high-low temperature cycling detection, this module is adept at sensing carbon monoxide, methane, and liquefied petroleum gas. It's a cost-effective choice for diverse gas detection applications. Link to the article: will follow
- **MQ-135 Sensor**: get values for Carbon Monoxide (CO), Carbon Dioxide (CO2), Alcohol, Toluen (Methylbenzol, C6H5CH3), Ammonium (NH4) and Acetone (CH₃COCH₃). Product Overview: Designed for monitoring home and industrial gas leaks, this module is suitable for detecting gases like liquefied petroleum gas, butane, propane, methane, smoke, ammonia, sulfide, and benzene. Link to the article: https://medium.com/@androidcrypto/mq-135-sensor-carbon-dioxide-and-other-gases-usage-with-arduino-r4-wi-fi-25df8dbd6f76
- **Burn-In an MQ-Sensor**: it is necessary to burn-in a brand-new sensor or a sensor that was not in usage for a long period of time. This article describes how to run such a burn-in period, including a sketch that documents the sensor readings during this burn-in period. Link to the article: will follow
- **Datasheets**: find sample datasheets for all sensors covered by the article series  
